# nestjs-dependency-injection-indepth

- `nest generate module computer` - generates a module with name computer
- `nest generate service cpu` - generates a service with name cpu
  - NOTE: `@Injectable()` decorator is added by default to the service generated by CLI cmd
- `nest generate controller computer` - generates a controller with name computer
  NOTE: If a module name already exists with same name as the service or controller, then the service or controller will be created inside the module.

## Decorator definitions

- `@Controller()` Decorator that marks a class as a Nest controller that can receive inbound requests and produce
  responses. An HTTP Controller responds to inbound HTTP Requests and produces HTTP Responses.
- `@Injectable()` Decorator that marks a class as a provider. Providers can be injected into other classes via constructor parameter injection using Nest's built-in Dependency Injection (DI) system.
- `@Module()` Decorator that marks a class as a module. Modules are used by Nest to organize the application structure into scopes. Controllers and Providers are scoped by the module they are declared in. Modules and their classes (Controllers and Providers) form a graph that determines how Nest performs Dependency Injection (DI).
  - `imports` array is used to import other modules that this module depends on. Once module is imported all the exported services of the imported module can be used in this module.
  - `exports` list of the subset of providers that are provided by this module and should be available in other modules which import this module.
  - `controllers` list of controllers defined in this module which have to be instantiated.
  - `providers` list of providers that will be instantiated by the Nest injector and that may be shared at least across this module.

## Exporting Services between different modules

- By default the services of each module are private, until exported services can't be accessed by other module
- Once services are added exports list, other module first needs to import the module, so it can call imported service inside its classes
- To call imported service methods inside a class, define the constructor with the newly imported service. Now imported service methods can be called inside the class methods
